#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
anglicize==0.0.3
    # via -r requirements.in
appnope==0.1.2
    # via ipython
backcall==0.2.0
    # via ipython
cairocffi==1.2.0
    # via
    #   cairosvg
    #   weasyprint
cairosvg==2.5.2
    # via weasyprint
certifi==2020.12.5
    # via requests
cffi==1.14.5
    # via
    #   cairocffi
    #   cryptography
    #   weasyprint
chardet==4.0.0
    # via requests
git+https://github.com/pawelmarkowski/cmsplugin-filer#egg=cmsplugin-filer
    # via -r requirements.in
cryptography==3.4.7
    # via social-auth-core
cssselect2==0.4.1
    # via
    #   cairosvg
    #   weasyprint
decorator==4.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via
    #   cairosvg
    #   python3-openid
    #   social-auth-core
dj-database-url==0.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-appconf==1.0.4
    # via cmsplugin-filer
django-classy-tags==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-cms
    #   django-sekizai
django-cms==3.7.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cmsplugin-filer
    #   djangocms-attributes-field
    #   djangocms-text-ckeditor
django-crispy-forms==1.11.2
    # via -r requirements.in
django-extensions==3.1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-filebrowser-no-grappelli==3.8.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-filer==2.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cmsplugin-filer
django-formtools==2.2
    # via django-cms
django-js-asset==1.2.2
    # via django-mptt
django-markitup==4.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-model-utils==3.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-mptt==0.12.0
    # via django-filer
django-phonenumber-field==5.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-polymorphic==3.0.0
    # via django-filer
django-sekizai==2.0.0
    # via
    #   cmsplugin-filer
    #   django-cms
git+https://github.com/bennylope/django-taggit-labels#egg=django-taggit-labels
    # via -r requirements.in
django-taggit==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-taggit-labels
django-treebeard==4.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-cms
django==2.2.23
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cmsplugin-filer
    #   django-appconf
    #   django-classy-tags
    #   django-cms
    #   django-filer
    #   django-formtools
    #   django-model-utils
    #   django-mptt
    #   django-phonenumber-field
    #   django-polymorphic
    #   django-sekizai
    #   django-taggit
    #   django-treebeard
    #   easy-thumbnails
djangocms-admin-style==2.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-cms
djangocms-attributes-field==2.0.0
    # via cmsplugin-filer
djangocms-text-ckeditor==4.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
easy-thumbnails==2.7.1
    # via
    #   cmsplugin-filer
    #   django-filer
ecdsa==0.14.1
    # via python-jose
et-xmlfile==1.0.1
    # via openpyxl
gunicorn==20.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
html5lib==1.1
    # via
    #   djangocms-text-ckeditor
    #   weasyprint
idna==2.10
    # via requests
ipython-genutils==0.2.0
    # via traitlets
ipython==7.22.0
    # via -r requirements.in
jedi==0.18.0
    # via ipython
lxml==4.6.3
    # via -r requirements.in
markdown2==2.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
oauthlib==3.1.0
    # via
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   social-auth-core
openpyxl==3.0.7
    # via -r requirements.in
parso==0.8.2
    # via jedi
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via ipython
phonenumbers==8.12.20
    # via -r requirements.in
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via ipython
pillow==8.1.2
    # via
    #   cairosvg
    #   djangocms-text-ckeditor
    #   easy-thumbnails
    #   weasyprint
prompt-toolkit==3.0.18
    # via ipython
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via pexpect
pyasn1==0.4.8
    # via
    #   python-jose
    #   rsa
pycparser==2.20
    # via cffi
pygments==2.8.1
    # via ipython
pyjwt==2.0.1
    # via social-auth-core
pyphen==0.10.0
    # via weasyprint
python-decouple==3.4
    # via -r requirements.in
python-jose==3.2.0
    # via social-auth-core
python-social-auth==0.3.6
    # via -r requirements.in
python3-openid==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   social-auth-core
pytz==2021.1
    # via django
requests-oauthlib==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   social-auth-core
requests==2.25.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   social-auth-core
    #   stripe
rsa==4.7.2
    # via python-jose
shortuuid==1.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
six==1.15.0
    # via
    #   django-cms
    #   django-filebrowser-no-grappelli
    #   ecdsa
    #   html5lib
    #   python-jose
    #   social-auth-app-django
social-auth-app-django==4.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
social-auth-core[openidconnect]==4.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   python-social-auth
    #   social-auth-app-django
sqlparse==0.4.1
    # via django
stripe==2.56.0
    # via -r requirements.in
tinycss2==1.1.0
    # via
    #   cairosvg
    #   cssselect2
    #   weasyprint
traitlets==5.0.5
    # via ipython
unicodecsv==0.14.1
    # via -r requirements.in
unidecode==1.1.2
    # via django-filer
urllib3==1.26.4
    # via requests
wcwidth==0.2.5
    # via prompt-toolkit
weasyprint==52.4
    # via -r requirements.in
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   cssselect2
    #   html5lib
    #   tinycss2

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
